asiana21-DOCSUP-713 (#147)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: 50.

## connection\_pool\_max\_wait\_ms {#connection-pool-max-wait-ms}

> The wait time in milliseconds for an available connection when a pool is full.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wait time in milliseconds for a connection when the connection pool is full.
```

Possible values:

> - A non negative integer number.
> - A negative integer number. The timeout is infinite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Positive integer.
- 0. Infinite timeout.
```

Whether to count extreme values (the minimums and maximums in columns of a query result). Accepts 0 or 1. By default, 0 (disabled).
For more information, see the section “Extreme values”.

## kafka\_max\_wait\_ms {#kafka-max-wait-ms}

The wait time in milliseconds for reading messages from [Kafka](../../engines/table-engines/integrations/kafka.md#kafka) before retry.

Possible values:

> - A positive integer number.
> - 0 — The timeout is infinite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Positive integer.
- 0. Infinite timeout.
```

Yandex.Metrica uses this parameter set to 1 for implementing suggestions for segmentation conditions. After entering the next character, if the old query hasn’t finished yet, it should be cancelled.

## replace\_running\_query\_max\_wait\_ms {#replace-running-query-max-wait-ms}

> The wait time in milliseconds for running a new query with the same `query_id` if setting [replace_running_query](#replace-running-query) is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wait time for running query with the same `query_id` to finish, when the [replace_running_query](#replace-running-query) setting is active.
```

Possible values:

> - A positive integer number.
> - 0 — Throwing an exception that does not allow to run the already existing query with the same `query_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Positive integer.
- 0. Throwing an exception that does not allow to run a new query if the server already executes a query with the  same `query_id`.
```
